I do not mean my cardoso you
are now always that that us
leonhard not exaggerate only once
Freund are happy you are finally
we together in the lower genius good enough
cackles we do not have much time left
and we have to top two days are it
until the performance of the
choreography and some of you can
she does not
So do not leave us any time
mess up and start rehearsing with the sample
emi music
This is just unreal
we have been waiting for you here for hours
but they have not turned up yet
do not know where they are but I know where
they will be if they are not right away
I show you two seconds
two seconds or you are dismissed
that is gregorio may not be true
his
gregorio I have something to say
then it speaks to the whole
stand there
I can not dance because I'm up
the stage sprained the ankle
and if you sprained your ankle
why are not you to the doctor
gone instead of coming here
I do not understand you
You always have to prevent this species
you plays second fiddle the
prison it reminds me in someone
I consider myself very well well
we are fine
small tip a bit more homepage
Otherwise he does not suspect but nice
are you coming to jump with you
cards coward coward
finally they have to show up here
so do not answer the phone
probably can not from yesterday
so my phone is from the day before yesterday
Well, I'm used to people
to work the new and working
Phones have people who are theirs
responsible
Alright then they do not make any
Worry, that will not happen again
I hope so
otherwise I leave them so what do you say there
Do not you find that yourself
maybe with us for the delay
should apologize that does very well
that's right, but now it starts
pianist the keys today but why is
he does not know but you can tell us something
betrayed there is something between you and
lego you want to be very impressed with him
Lately, that's enough
we start with the choreography
You do not tell me anything about it
later
music with